migrations: Schematics for `TransferState`, `StateKey` and `makeStateKey` migration (#49594)
angular/angular: packages/core/schematics/migrations/transfer-state/README.md

> ## DefaultIterableDiffer migration

Reviewer: Read me seems to be copy and pasted

> ## TransferState, makeStateKey and StateKey migration
> 
> `TransferState`, `makeStateKey`, `StateKey` has been moved from `@angular/platform-browser` to `@angular/core`
> 
> This migration will replace `TransferState`, `makeStateKey`, `StateKey` imports from `@angular/platform-browser` to `@angular/core`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Import TransferState-related symbols from `@angular/core`

The following symbols were moved from `@angular/platform-browser` to `@angular/core`:

* `TransferState`
* `makeStateKey`
* `StateKey`

This migration updates symbol imports to use `@angular/core`.
```
